README.md, before:

[//]: # "header"
<h1 align="center">RepetiSwole - Lifting for Fun</h1>

[//]: # "le tech stack"
<div align="center">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=Go&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge" alt="Go" />
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactJs-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge" alt="React" />
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-ffca28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black" alt="Firebase" />
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="TypeScript" />
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Actions" />
</div>


[//]: # "catch"
<p align="center">
   A web app to get into the groove of tracking your lifts!
</p>

## Why was this made? 🤔💭
* I would love to have a custom way to track the progression (or lack there of...) of my lifts, and have more control over the metrics surrounding my lifting
* Allowing others to get into the groove of tracking their lifts is something that would be very fulfilling for me!

## Try it out yourself!
Hosted on Railway, you can try out the application and register / log in to start or continue your lifting journey!

[Try it out for free](https://repetiswole-production.up.railway.app/)

## Documentation
To see more about the API's that are provided, please check out the `doc` folder within this repository! I try to keep it as updated as possible.

To see the shape of the data stored within Firestore, check out the Firestore specification within the `doc` folder as well!

## How do I run this locally? 💚🙂
> [!NOTE]\
> This program is hosted using Firebase, and Railway. I fully intend to pay and continue to host this service online, but if by any chance, the applicaiton is down, shoot me an email.
>
> Click -> [here](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/) to go to the installation page.

With Docker Desktop installed and opened, you can run these commands at the root directory of this GitHub repo...

If you are running this for the first time, or have made changes and want to see it take affect on its deployment, use this
```shell
make runlocal
```

## Get in touch 💬
If you liked what you saw, feel free to contact me! email: emoral435@gmail.com

[Star Logs 🚀](https://starlogs.dev/emoral435/RepetiSwole)

Commit message:

fix: disabled live hosting, added example usage video
Signed-off-by: Eduardo Morales <emoral435@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

[//]: # "header"
<h1 align="center">RepetiSwole - Lifting for Fun</h1>

[//]: # "le tech stack"
<div align="center">
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=Go&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge" alt="Go" />
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactJs-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge" alt="React" />
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-ffca28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black" alt="Firebase" />
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="TypeScript" />
   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Actions" />
</div>


[//]: # "catch"
<p align="center">
   A web app to get into the groove of tracking your lifts!
</p>

## Why was this made? 🤔💭
* I would love to have a custom way to track the progression (or lack there of...) of my lifts, and have more control over the metrics surrounding my lifting
* Allowing others to get into the groove of tracking their lifts is something that would be very fulfilling for me!

## Try it out yourself!

> UPDATE AS OF November 16nth, 2025 - RepetiSwole is no longer live anymore.
> I decided to cancel the hosting subscription for now while I am in my senior year of University. Should be back up by the summer!

Hosted on Railway, you can try out the application and register / log in to start or continue your lifting journey!

Example within the folder directory, search up `example_usage`!

## Documentation
To see more about the API's that are provided, please check out the `doc` folder within this repository! I try to keep it as updated as possible.

To see the shape of the data stored within Firestore, check out the Firestore specification within the `doc` folder as well!

## How do I run this locally? 💚🙂
> [!NOTE]\
> This program is hosted using Firebase, and Railway. I fully intend to pay and continue to host this service online, but if by any chance, the applicaiton is down, shoot me an email.
>
> Click -> [here](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/) to go to the installation page.

With Docker Desktop installed and opened, you can run these commands at the root directory of this GitHub repo...

If you are running this for the first time, or have made changes and want to see it take affect on its deployment, use this
```shell
make runlocal
```

## Get in touch 💬
If you liked what you saw, feel free to contact me! email: emoral435@gmail.com

[Star Logs 🚀](https://starlogs.dev/emoral435/RepetiSwole)
